after Thanksgiving thanks God well I'm
still glad that you came you just you
look great
mr. lost like 150 pounds yeah I'm gonna
be one those Subway sandwich commercials
all right it's no fat it's no sugar it's
no dairy it's no good throw it out
this is my husband Chandler Chandler
this is will oh hey I take your hand but
I'm really into the game flesh and I
think it'd be better for my ego if we
didn't stand right next to each other
this is Phoebe hi hey
well done I'm gonna give you a shoe
Monica I can't get over how great you
look you look stunning
you look incredible too you're just
you're so fit I'm watching the game but
I'm not deaf but to tell you a Ross is
coming Ross's come great I love Ross
good in Rachel's green - oh is there a
problem no it's okay it's just uh god I
hated her
what yeah I hated her she was horrible
to me in high school but hey it was a
long time ago I'm in a good place might
be actually fun to see her again
got any cakes or cookies or something no
well no you know it's been a while since
we've screamed something maybe we should
will you cave man you look incredible
hot stuff that stuff it's good to see
you man yeah man so so what are you up
to I'm a commodities broker really yeah
that sounds interesting
yeah it's not yeah but I'm rich and thin
oh man I don't think I've seen you since
Lance Davis's graduation party that was
such a fun night
yeah would've been good if we had gotten
in but still really God we were lame
back then you remember how in the
dinosaurs we were
yeah so what do you do now so how long
are you in town
hey Rachel 300 that's right are you
gonna be okay oh I'll be fine
just god I hate her Ross actually we'll
high school was was a long time ago look
at her standing there with those yams my
two greatest enemies Ross Rachel green
and complex carbohydrates oh my god
Monica who is that that's will from high
school oh I do not remember him Wow
really got that sexy smoldering thing
going on
oh my God he's look at the way he's just
staring at me I think he's trying to
mount something to me but I can't make
it up solid effort
Green Bay Troy for the Lions technically
one but it was a moral victory for the
Green Bay mermen hi
well right right right hi I'm Rachel
Green oh I remember you really aren't
you sweet
I gotta tell you though I am I'm having
the hardest time placing you oh hang on
I think I remember you did we um did we
fool around at Lance Davis's graduation
party you're unbelievable thank you